hello my name is message and 11 years
I'm throwing you a joy challenge I was not leaving
cape of aerobatic jump gaza
who knows us the heroes of shoes
from the pool to the incredible but
not for acrobatic jumpers
catapulted at 80 km / h on
jumps of 5 meters is crazy desert
chained the figures to more than 15
meters high a snow discipline
and water or courage and rivers
Freestyle skiing is a sport
relatively young appeared in the
80s with the first
Olympic Games demonstrations in 80 mg
and in calgary and it was official so
by the feast at the Olympics in 94 on
or there will not initially be a little
trampoline to be a good jumper the
main quality let's say it's
acrobatics acrobatics it's either in there
being from gymnastics disciplines
or trampoline or so that is practiced and
we can not be a good jumper
acrobatic if we neglect acrobatics up
tac agree softly and these are
hands on the sides there we took too much
polite we will go to the small to see and
that we play at the office and shoes of
ski it gives that
we will put one will make your you go
so put wax on the on the
sole to facilitate're slides
on the boom what as on the soft
like on skis on the snow
exactly the same it is cold that has
What is there then there I Tropez
just my skis to cool the
end of courage
go now towards the little
stepping stone for the first jump jo-ann a
instead of concentration and
visualization we are in fact
close your eyes and try to
visualize the jump the small movements
the little details that will make the
difference
who are you kidding me about
to say yes I'm not going well
to say yes I was stable on your
okay legs you do not look in
down you look in front
so the jv you're going to look at you
will have to let you slip
he still deserves the first he has
past the springboard he fell on the
feet you like it and it's scary
now go harder a 360 degrees
and with your right arm okay you'll
go get on the side like that she
because with the little experience he
a and we really made a beautiful
demonstration for those who would like
to get started we can start from 12 years
and to reach the level of the lawsuits
five hours of training a day
yes that the wasai kid and do not forget
it's you heroes